[MUSIC]
>> Scott: All right so
the first thing we're going to do is
a template expression via interpolation.
Okay, simple enough.
Let's do that.
Let's put some interpolation here.
And say message.
So message is going to be a string
which is going to equal hey.
Pretty boring message.
Boom.
So let's serve that up and
see if that works.
>> Scott: No.
Oops.
I forgot to npm install.
This is gonna take forever.
[LAUGH] So
let's just assume that works for now,
we'll come back when it's done installing.
>> Speaker 2: Give me
the benefit of the doubt.
>> Scott: The next thing is we're gonna do
a property binding.
All right, cool.
Well there's really not
anything interesting we could
bind to in this h one so
let's just make some real HTML here.
Let's just say, widgets, here.
And then we'll go back to our
h one example that we had.
And we'll use the same thing that we had,
which was message, cool.
And then let's just use a button.
That's pretty awesome, pretty simple.
Click.
Actually, we've done button before.
Let's do something different.
Let's try something else.
>> Speaker 2: Center,
A mouse over.
>> Scott: A mouse over?
What about a scroll?
Let's try a scroll.
That's usually a big killer for
performancing.
Let's try that.
Let's see a scroll.
So we'll do a scroll here.
>> Scott: Scroll.
[LAUGH] So
we'll bind to the scroll event, and
when that happens we'll say,
handle scroll.
Boom.
So now we need to come down here and
we need to say, handle scroll.
This is gonna be a lot,
hopefully it doesn't work break.
Okay.
>> Scott: Scroll.
>> Scott: Well obviously don't
have anything to scroll so
lets make this thing scrollable.
And we'll add some styles here.
>> Scott: And
we'll say dot scroll class.
Height of
>> Scott: 100 pixels.
Width of
>> Scott: 300 pixels.
And then we'll say, overflow
>> Scott: Scroll.
Cool, so that thing's gonna scroll and
we'll just put some stuff in here like
>> Scott: 20 pixels.
>> Scott: Oops.
This is a shortcut that I'm using.
>> Scott: Aw, what?
Really?
>> Speaker 2: It's what happens when
you've got 19 updates.
>> Scott: [LAUGH] I can't do that Emmett?
Really?
Okay, whatever.
I tried to do like, I'm using error for
these short cuts but it's like not,
this is why I don't use sometimes.
It's really ridiculous.
Cool.
So we got all that.
So now let's check out the scroll.
Let's even make it so
it definitely has to scroll here.
Okay, so let's check it out.
So now let's see handle scroll.
Yeah!
It all installed.
>> Scott: All right, so let's go here.
>> Scott: All right and then,
widgets.
>> Scott: Where is that widget at?
>> Scott: Widgets, widget, handle scroll.
Why is that thing not on the page?
Let's save that again.
Yeah.
>> Scott: I'm
just saying.
>> Scott: Any errors?
Hm.
No errors.
>> Scott: What?
Let's see what's going on here.
Look at that.
It's not even showing up somehow.
It's too small.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott: There we go.
Cool.
Okay.
So now, on scroll,
we had a contant dot log.
It's already got 43 in it, so there we go.
Scroll it.
So it pretty much handle any event.
>> Scott: All right,
so the next one we need to do is,
I did the event binding.
Supposed to be property binding first.
>> Scott: But
now let's do the property binding.
Let's bind a property to,
what's a good one?
>> Speaker 3: Do like Is Scrolling?
>> Scott: Is Scrolling.
Okay.
That's complicated,
you know what, let's see.
What about the input?
Let's do a property binding on
the input to the placeholder.
Nope, placeholder is an attribute,
not a property, I believe.
Or is it?
Let's see.
Placeholder.
All right, I think that's just
an attribute so that might not work.
Let's not do that.
I know what you can do.
Let's try a,
we will bind to an attribute property.
So some of the small cases I said where
you can actually bind to attributes,
this is the one.
So we'll bind to the style
dot transform property.
Yeah, that's what we'll do,
style dot transfrom.
And then what we'll do is
move this button here,
style transform equals and
then we will say x position.
Cool, so then what we'll do,
we'll make a constructor.
>> Scott: And
I will say this dot
>> Scott: Transform.
>> Scott: Which does nothing right now and
then we'll make a transform method.
>> Scott: Which this
dot.
>> Scott: x position,
>> Scott: Equals 30 pixels.
There we go.
Or no.
Zero pixels, zero pixels.
This dot exposition equals,
I know what we'll do.
>> Scott: Zero.
And then we'll do this one at interval.
>> [SOUND]
>> Scott: Yup, I need to put pixels.
>> Scott: Whoa,
is this getting complicated.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: But
I think it's done now.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: Oops, I got it backwards,
hold on.
>> Scott: There we go.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: All right, let's
see if that works.
So, wait, that's still not right.
It needs to be translate x.
>> Scott: There we go.
Now, it should work.
Really complicated, but
I need it to be complicated on purpose.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: That's what he's
telling himself.
Yeah.
>> Scott: Actually, let's do this.
>> Scott: This is not for
you guys to copy.
So, if you try to copy, like don't.
>> Speaker 2: You're
saying we're not good enough?
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Is that what you're
saying?
>> Scott: No, I'm saying
I'm not good enough.
>> Scott: There we go.
>> Speaker 3: They're taking bets in the
chat room if you're gonna pull this off.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: All right.
Let's see.
Let's check it out.
All right, so stuff.
[LAUGH] We'll see what happens with this.
So we have this thing- There's no way for
me to recover after this.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: That's transformed and
it's gonna translate by this.
So, and I'm gonna doing new transitions so
it's probably not gonna be smooth but
we'll see what happens.
It's working.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: There we go so
I'm binding to this style attribute.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: I'd like to bridge it.
>> Speaker 3: Let's talk about it later.
>> Speaker 2: That could have been in
a mouse over.
>> Scott: Yeah, I mean I can make it nice.
We can, if I want to make it nice, I can
just come up here and we could do this.
Button.
>> Speaker 3: I just realized
what's happening.
Scott doesn't want to do the router
module, and he figures if he
just stalls we're going to be like, sorry.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: Your module today.
>> Scott: Transform .3 seconds ease in.
There we go, now it'll be smooth-ish.
Let's see if it reloads.
Hey, there we go.
See [LAUGH]
So yeah so
that how you bind to
>> Scott: Properties.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 4: Yup [LAUGH]